The ancient Egyptians are far more mysterious than most people realize as they
left us with literally zero explanation of any kind as to how they cut and
carved the tens of millions of stone blocks to make up the pyramids and the
countless thousands of solid stone,
statues and OSS that have been found throughout Egypt.
The reality is that all we have today are theories and guesswork as to what
methods they may have utilized to cut and carve these millions of stones,
including bronze saws and chisels and stone hammers.
And what you're about to see is an incredible clip that I took just last month
while visiting the Swan Qury in Egypt,
which is the location in sight of the world's largest solid stone Oly,
commonly referred to as the unfinished Oly.
And we had the opportunity to physically demonstrate this method,
which is again,
a primary among the primary methods that have been considered to be with ancient
Egyptians use. Even though, again, the Egyptians never told us stat.
So modern researchers went in there and started,
they saw these stone hammers and they're like,
that must be what they have used to do it,
but apparently these dorks never tried it themselves. And Hey, I'm a dork,
no disrespect, but it's not until you actually see what this,
these methods with your own eyes that you see,
just how honestly silly these methods are.
So look at this clip, think for yourself and let me know what you think.
Here we go. Hold.
On. All right, dolo right. Stone hammers. This is how they say they did it.
Let's see what it does on Rose Grant.
Maybe if I pour some water on it, does that hurt your hands? How hard is that?
Uh, I kind of doesn't really hurt yet. It's not doing anything.
Try doing a little grinding dust. Oh, this is a good shot.
You just chopping up dust. Now he is getting stuff off the edge.
This is what we need a whole team. Give these men some beer,
awful. A few hours. Oh my God. I mean,
there are, they are getting into it, but man, that was,
are you ATIC yet starting to sucking to suck.
Cause it's really starting to suck. It hurts mark. You probably,
I think they were wearing goggles.
This is literally the ministry explanation for how this entire
quarry I was accomplished, including this 1200 ton,
140 foot long Oly.
Literally that is the explanation, which doesn't make sense.
Especially when you look at all the scoop marks,
which looks more indicative and I'm not suggesting,
but looks more indicative of, uh, sandblasting.
I've heard other people stone Mason say that. Um,
but how they did it is a mystery it's yet to be demonstrated
for people using these do right stone hammers to do something like this,
especially with the nature of the corners and the scoop marks underneath and
throughout. It's just silly. Honestly, it is a silly explanation.
I'm not suggesting they had power tools. I don't know how they did it.
But what I do know is that the so-called mainstream explanation is
debunked. As far as I'm concerned,
when it comes to these stone hammers and just look how small people are compared
to this thing, I'm gonna still hear him doing that.
What do you think Ben clearly, clearly stone pound is involved in this.
We were wrong. Let's just get over it. Just get a few guys around it.
There's plenty of room for like enough guys to lift this up. Right. And,
and oh yeah. Once they're done. Yeah. It's easy. Lift it up. Ropes and pullies.
Get over it. Let's get a few guys, everyone together now. And meanwhile,
they're still chopping up dust over there. They all got arthritis.
You guys will feel that for the rest of your lives. <laugh>
well done. So this is how they claim they did it a do right. Stone hammer.
This is rose granite. Let me get a feel for it.
Yeah, it doesn't feel good on your hands. One, one bit. Look at that.
I'm doing nothing more than kicking up dust. You know,
I'm seeing just grinding it away a little bit.
That is the mainstream explanation for how this whole quarry was core read.
Yeah, no, I'm sorry. I'm not claiming to know how they did it,
but to suggest that this whole quarry, including this 12,
some 1200 ton unfinished Oly, which is approximately 140 feet long.
Look at this thing. It's deep. I got pictures of me down in there.
It's very tall. When you're standing at the base of the, uh,
of it inside the trench, it is probably nine or so feet high,
just a, just a guess higher than my hand can reach. And I'm five foot 10.
Yeah. That is death. Not how they did it. That's just silly.
Yeah. No, that's, that's definitely not how they did that clearly. And,
and do you wanna hear one of the most interesting things about that?
So that stone that you saw is pounding on is the same exact stone that has
been pounded on for more than 20 plus years,
by count out list tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of tourists
and the things barely dented. Clearly that's not the method. And by the way,
what are those scoop marks about that doesn't look like? I mean,
how there's so many of 'em and they're all just, no,
that's not from lining up a bunch of people and pounding away with a stone
hammer. And another big question is how are,
were they gonna lift and move that OS out of that trench once they're done with
it, as you heard Ben from the awesome YouTube channel on chart X,
bring up in that video clip.
I mean the OS and Curry is the same exact Qury where the experts say
that the stones,
the granite stones were brought from to make up the pyramids and other places in
Giza 500 plus miles away from Giza is Osan.
Nothing out Osan is a quarry. Nothing else is there. There's no statues.
It's not some ceremonial place. So they were gonna clearly have to lift it,
take it out and bring it somewhere else.
And the reason why they didn't and which by the way,
that would raise so many questions and it's like,
come on how they gonna do that?
But the reason they didn't is cuz the thing has a crack in it and you can look
back and see that it's there. And that's the reason why they apparently,
or it's believed why they had abandon it.
But not only that guys look underneath the thing and look at those unique scoot
marks,
how are you gonna get in there with those stone hammers and bang away at that?
It's not feasible. It holds absolutely no water. And as you saw in the video,
it's been debunked. So this in itself should be raising questions,
new questions as to exploring how the ancients were able to accomplish these
amazing feats. So anyways guys, I'm gonna close it up there,
but I wanna give a quick shout out to the new up and coming channel, uh,
among the ancient history community, which is, is Johanna James guys.
We finally have a female in the mix and it's been long overdue.
She came with Ben and I on the tour.
She's an actress and comedian and screenplay writer in London.
Go check out her videos. They're outstanding, the generating buzz already.
And they're so well done.
And she provides a very unique perspective about all of this ancient past stuff.
But anyway, with all that said, I'm Jimmy,
my channel's called bright insight and I have many more videos for you to come
in a very short period of time. I've been guys, I've been moving.
I've been busy with all kinds of stuff. If you, if you're not familiar, go,
go to my Instagram cuz I'm sharing a lot more stuff on there.
So if you've been wondering why I've been sharing these other videos from my
iPhone guys, those videos, we're not supposed to ever go on to YouTube.
I was gonna put them on Instagram or just have 'em as Jimmy's home videos.
My way of making videos is with these presentations where I talk and I show
slides and photos and I took tens of thousands more than 20,000 photos on this
trip. So I have like enough content for dozens and dozens of videos to come.
So some people were like, why did you film Inver?
Cause I didn't think I was putting on the internet <laugh> anyways guys. So, uh,
look forward to new videos to come real soon. I'm uh,
back in Arizona now I moved here from Boise, Idaho. Uh,
this is where I'm originally from. So I'm real excited about that.
So now that I'm settled in, I finally have time to be making more video content.
So all that said, leave a comment,
let me know what your thoughts are and all of this and I'll see you all again
real soon. Bye now.